Generalize surface normal calc (#539)
trixi-framework/TrixiParticles.jl: docs/src/systems/fluid.md

# [Fluid Models](@id fluid_models)
Currently available fluid methods are the [weakly compressible SPH method](@ref wcsph) and the [entropically damped artificial compressibility for SPH](@ref edac).  
This page lists models and techniques that apply to both of these methods.  

## [Viscosity](@id viscosity_wcsph)

TODO: Explain viscosity.

```@autodocs
Modules = [TrixiParticles]
Pages = [joinpath("schemes", "fluid", "viscosity.jl")]
```

## [Corrections](@id corrections)

```@autodocs
Modules = [TrixiParticles]
Pages = [joinpath("general", "corrections.jl")]
```

## [Surface Normals](@id surface_normal)
```@autodocs
Modules = [TrixiParticles]
Pages = [joinpath("schemes", "fluid", "surface_normal_sph.jl")]
```

## [Surface Tension](@id surface_tension)

### Akinci-based intra-particle force surface tension and wall adhesion model
The work by Akinci proposes three forces:
- a cohesion force
- a surface area minimization force
- a wall adhesion force

The classical model is composed of the curvature minimization and cohesion force.

#### Cohesion force

> The model calculates the cohesion force based on the distance between particles and the support radius ``h_c``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model calculates the cohesion force based on the support radius ``h_c`` and the distance between particles.
```
I read this as "distance between (particles and support radius)".

This force is determined using two distinct regimes within the support radius:
- For particles closer than half the support radius,

>   a repulsive force is calculated to prevent particle clustering too tightly,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  a repulsive force is calculated to prevent particles from clustering too tightly,
```
